Activity	It is the average number of nuclei disintegrating per unit time.
Decay constant of a nucleus	It is the nucleus' probability of decay per unit time.
Fission	It is the splitting of a nucleus of high nucleon number into two smaller nuclei of approximately equal mass with the release of energy.
Fusion	It is the building up of a larger nucleus from two nuclei of low nucleon number, with the release of energy .
Half-life	It is the average time taken for half the number of radioactive nuclei in a sample to decay.
Isotopes	They are atoms that have the same number of protons but different number of neutrons.
Mass defect	It is the difference between the mass of the separated nucleons and the combined mass of the nucleus.
Nuclear Binding Energy	It is the work done on the nucleus to separate it into its constituent neutrons and protons to infinity.
Nucleon number (Mass number)	It is the total number of nucleons (i.e. protons + neutrons) in the nucleus.
Photoelectric effect	It is the ejection of an electron from a metal surface when the surface is irradiated with electromagnetic radiation of high enough frequency.
Photon	A packet of electromagnetic energy. It has energy E = hf, where h is Planck's constant and f is the frequency of the photon
Population inversion	It is when number of atoms (or molecules) in a higher energy state is greater than the number in a lower energy state.
Potential barrier	It is a region in space where the potential energy of the particle is lower than its kinetic energy. (Pending approval)
Proton number (Atomic number)	It is the number of protons in a nucleus.
Quantum tunnelling	It is a quantum-mechanical process where there is a finite probability of a particle being found on the other side of a potential barrier despite not having enough energy to pass through it classically. (Pending approval)
Random Process	It means that it is impossible to predict which nucleus and when any particular nucleus will disintegrate
Spontaneous emission	The emission of photons through the random de-excitation of excited atoms.
Spontaneous Process	A process that cannot be speeded up or slowed down by physical means such as changes in pressure or temperature.
Stimulated emission	It is the process where an incident photon of appropriate energy triggers the emission of photons from excited atoms. The emitted photons have the same energy, phase and plane of polarisation as the incident photon.
Wavefunction	It is the amplitude of the matter wave at any point in space and time. The probability of finding a particle at a particular point is proportional to the square of the magnitude of the wave function |(psi)|^2 at that point.
Work Function	It is the minimum energy required to eject an electron from the surface of a metal.